You will select ONE organization from the tables given below, consequently you will know the influencer category as well, by looking at the first column. The important thing to note here is that the organization must fall under the region (Assigned Region) and key issue you picked. The key issues can be seen on the first row of each table.

 

Please note, all the names of the organizations are clickable links.

North America
 	The Environment	Workplace & Labor Management	Food Quality & Sourcing	Community Impact
Expert	1. World Wildlife Fund (WWF) 2. Earthjustice	1. Urban Institute 2. Human Rights Campaign Foundation	1. Food Tank 2. World Ocean Council	1. Brookings Institution 2. Center for Data Innovation
Informant	1. Nature 2. Green Matters	1. The Workplace Lab Podcast 2. Workforce Magazines	1. Meat + Poultry 2. Aquaculture North America	1. The Philanthropist 2. Nonprofit Quarterly
Official	1. World Business Council for Sustainable Development 2. Center for Climate and Energy Solutions (C2ES)	1. National Skills Coalition 2. United States Conference of Mayors	1. American Dairy Association 2. National Aquaculture Association	1. US Department of Education 2. Ministry of Education
 

Europe
 	The Environment	Workplace & Labor Management	Food Quality & Sourcing	Community Impact
Expert	1. Climate Policy Initiative 2. Stockholm Environment Institute	1. European Institute for Gender Equality 2. European Foundation for the Improvement of Living and Working Conditions (Eurofound)	1. The European Food Information Council 2. FoodDrinkEurope	1. London School of Economics 2. COFACE Families Europe
Informant	1. Ecowatch 2. The Ecologist	1. HR Grapevine 2. Personaltoday	1. Farmers Weekly 2. Agri Investor	1. Social Europe 2. The European Sting
Official	1. Circular Economy Club 2. Client Earth	1. European Trade Union Confederation 2. EU Agency for Law Enforcement Training	1. European Seed Association (ESA) (Europe): Promoting plant breeding and seed sector 2. European Dairy Association	1. British Red Cross 2. Mental Health Europe
 

Asia-Pacific
 	The Environment	Workplace & Labor Management	Food Quality & Sourcing	Community Impact
Expert	1. Greenpeace East Asia 2. TERI- The Energy and Resources Institute	1. Beijing Normal University 2. The University of Tokyo Diversity Promotion Office	1. Japan Society for Food Engineering 2. Nagoya University - Graduate School of Bioagricultural Sciences	1. Wuhan University - Center for Volunteering Service 2. Osaka University- Research Center for Urban Health and Sports
Informant	1. The Hindu- Environment Section 2. The Business Times- Environment Section	1. Nippon.com 2. The Diplomat	1. Indian Express- Agriculture Section 2. AgriBusiness Global	1. The Economic Times 2. Asia Sentinal
Official	1. Friends of Earth Japan 2. China Green Building Council	1. China Association of Women Entrepreneurs (CAWE) 2. International Labor Organization (ILO) - Beijing Office	1. Japan Poultry Science Association 2. China Meat Association	1. Japan Cancer Society 2. Teach For India
 

Here’s an example of how can you choose an organization.

Asia Pacific [Assigned region]—> Community Impact [Chosen Key Issue]—> Teach For India [Chosen Organization]—> Official [Influencer Category]
