The Business Goal—🚀
NRG works with several clients in the consumers good and technology sectors, among others. A particular focus of their research with these clients is to gather opinions on key topics from Policy Influencers.

 

✅

Please note: Here, the term ‘influencer’ does NOT imply social media influencers. Long before social media influencers became a thing, the term influencer was (and is still) used to describe an individual who has an ‘influence’ over a subject matter/decision making.

 

Understanding how policy influencers think and feel helps companies “see around corners”, advancing knowledge of societal expectation before they become commonplace. It also provides insight that can shape policies and initiatives - ensuring compliance and mitigating reputational risks which further promotes a company’s license to operate.

 


 

Policy Influencers are a particularly difficult audience to reach as they are not present on online panels like consumers and the general population.
 

The NRG team needs outside-the-box approach to identify these individuals across three geographic regions [North America, Europe and Asia-Pacific] and obtain their contact information. Once they have this information, they will..


 

Your role— 💼
 

As a market research professional, your role in this externship is twofold. You will:

Build an understanding about one key issue ONE high-priority Key Issue highlighted above. To help you keep your research focussed, you will also be assigned a geographic region. This could be North America, Europe or Asia Pacific.
You will use your understanding about ONE high-priority Key Issue to look for notable policy influencers in that domain, find their contact details, highlight the niche topics that they are an expert in, and explain how their work will be valuable for the National Research Group team to consider.
 

In the upcoming modules, you will learn more about how the National Research Group defines these policy influencers and what is the region that is assigned to you, and how you can conduct your first round of market research.
