What’s the best thing you can hear after an interview?


And the good news is, it’s not tough to get to this point. It simply requires a deep understanding of the skills required to perform a particular role, and having experience demonstrating most of these skills!


This module aims to:

Help you become familiar with the skills and competencies that a market research professional requires;
Help you visualize what your role can look like as a market researcher.
This will help set you up with the mindset needed to excel in this externship.


Some people call them coffee snobs. Some people. They are people who know anything and everything there is to know about coffee.

Being a market researcher is somewhat like being a coffee snob. You know anything and everything about something.

A market researcher, usually called market research analyst, conducts research and gathers data using various methods such as online search, surveys, interviews, and data analysis tools. They analyze the collected data, interpret trends, and provide reports and presentations to clients or internal stakeholders. They play a crucial role in helping businesses understand consumer preferences, market dynamics, and competitive landscape to drive strategic decision-making and improve overall business performance.

If and when you begin your job search for an entry-level market research positions, you are likely to run into job description templates like these—


Through this externship, you are on your way to build and hone some of these skills and competencies, and gain practical work experience.

Let’s explore what that could look like..

WATCH: Do all market research activities look the same? What would determine the nature of the market research? Let’s find out!


The work of a market researcher goes beyond carrying out market research with regards to new services or products. The main research questions being answered through a market research largely depend on the objective that a firm is trying to meet and the information necessary to meet that objective.
WATCH: Monica Lucas, a Market Research Consultant, shares some fascinating stories about what you may experience in the field. Interestingly, Monica says a degree in humanities can be beneficial. Find out what qualities a good market researcher may need and hear her advice for new graduates. Monica also gives an insight into how a grad scheme at Unilever helped shape her career.


You’ve got to be interested in people, you’ve got to be intellectually curious. You need to be open to new ideas about how things work and what you think is right.
💭
Now, that you have more context about what a market researcher does, it is now time to reflect. Knowing what you now know about market research—
1. What skills do you think you already have to be a good market researcher?
2. What skills do you want to further hone to be a great market research professional?

In the upcoming module, you will learn more about the host company, the market research challenge they are trying to solve, and the people who will be guiding you! It is time to get more details about what is your task as a market research professional will look like in this externship.

