Now, once you have picked the organization, you need to conduct additional research about the work that the organization does and the people associated with it.

The organization’s website can be a great place to start, look for staff page and any contact information.
LinkedIn has a wealth of helpful information – especially if the search is based on/within the organization.
Look for people working at the organization. Once an individual’s name has been identified, Google search them. Then explore any links or leads that come up.
It is likely you will come across other individuals that interact with or are in the same organization of who you are searching for. Please be sure to note and investigate these as well
This will help you articulate the following information:

Name of the influencer
Details about the influencer
What did you find?
Learning more about the organization
WATCH: What will the process look like?

Asia Pacific [Assigned region]—> Community Impact [Chosen Key Issue]—> Teach For India [Chosen Organization]

Additional tips to keep in mind:
Every organization will have a section on their website explaining what they do, but not necessarily what problem they are solving. In cases like these you can use the following ChatGPT prompt:
I came across the organization [Organization name]. I want to know if it’s a for-profit organization or nonprofit, or a government entity, or a private firm, or anything that would describe the nature of its operations. I’m also curious to know the problem they are solving through their services. In less than 100 words explain the problem that [Organization name] is solving and suggest 2 real and verified resources besides the official website that I can read to understand the gap better.
Depending on the services offered by the organization, the website will have details about just one topic or many topics (especially for media outlets, government websites, university websites etc.) In cases like these, look at the broad themes of the topics you come across to build an understanding of the “key issue”.
So, based on the preliminary research that I conducted about the organization, this is the information that I found:

Teach For India is a non-profit organization that aims to address educational inequity in India. It recruits and trains bright and promising individuals to serve as full-time teachers in under-resourced schools for two years. The problem Teach For India is solving is the significant gap in quality education for children from low-income communities, striving to ensure that all children have the opportunity to attain an excellent education.
Now everyone will find the same information about the organization. What will make your research findings different from your peers? It’s the information you find about (and from) the people who work at the organization.

Learning more about the people who work at the organization
As you can see, learning more about and from the people who work at the organization does not have to be too complicated. Keep it simple.

WATCH: How to find people who work at the organization.

WATCH: How to use their LinkedIn profile to learn more about and from the person?

The about section will help you learn how the person describes their own beliefs and work done so far. And the ‘Activity Section’ (if it can be viewed by the public) will help you see what they have posted on their profile.

Additional tips to keep in mind:
While the website is a comprehensive resource to learn more about the organization, it may not always be the most useful when it comes to learning more about the people who work there. This is where social media websites meant for professional networking (like LinkedIn), or simple Google searches come in handy.

Google: You can use Google by typing the names of the people you find on the website to check if they have any online presence.
Type [Name of the person] [Name of the Organization].
You can also add ‘LinkedIn in your search query to see if the person has a LinkedIn profile. So your search query will be [Name of the person] [Name of the Organization] LinkedIn.
Scroll through the search results to see if they have any public profiles that will help you get a sense of the work that the person does and any ideas they talk about that will help you learn something about the key issue.
LinkedIn: (This strategy is especially useful when the website of the organization does not mention any names of the people who work there.) When using LinkedIn, you can follow these three simple steps.
Type the name of the organization in the search bar

Go to the ‘People tab’

Scroll through the page to see the people who work at the organization. Visit their profiles to see if they have any kind of LinkedIn activity. If they do, scroll through their posts to see what they can teach you!
It will take a couple of tries to find the right person who you can learn from. As long as you are able to answer these two questions, you’ll know that you have found the right person.

So, how does it all come together?
Assigned Region	Asia-Pacific
Key issue	Community Impact
Name of the organization	Teach For India
Influencer category	Official
Details about the organization	Teach For India is a non-profit organization that aims to address educational inequity in India. It recruits and trains bright and promising individuals to serve as full-time teachers in under-resourced schools for two years. The problem Teach For India is solving is the significant gap in quality education for children from low-income communities, striving to ensure that all children have the opportunity to attain an excellent education.
Name of the influencer	Alapana Mallick who works at Teach for India as Senior Director Regions.
Details about the influencer	She believes that India deserves to be an India free of poverty and filled with love. In a country where demographics dictate destiny, she believes an excellent education can empower children to create their own destiny and change the course of many others. In service of that, she is called to be a learner, teacher, coach, designer, facilitator, manager and leader.
What did you find?	• In low-income classrooms in India, teaching sexual reproduction to teenagers is approached in a manner that may be deemed ‘conservative in nature’, but educators continue to challenge the status quo and create inclusive learning environments for all. • Parents played a critical role in the lives of children during the COVID-19 pandemic. The study ‘Unlocking the power of parent engagement’ showcase how Family-school engagement programs can lead to improved student outcomes.
You now have all the resources you need to conduct your market research. The journey from hereon is one that requires you to approach the tasks with a growth mindset. Keep reminding yourself that this is what learning looks like. And once you’ve crossed the bridge, you’ll know that you were capable all along

