This module aims to:

Provide you tips to help you prepare for the delivery of your presentation.
This will set you up for working on your final deliverables.

Having a presentation is not enough. And, delivering a presentation is more than just reading the text you have pasted on the slide. It’s about contextualizing the words on the slide.

Step 1: Prepare a script that will be the “narration” of your presentation.
For each slide write a paragraph or two that will build upon the text you have added on the slide. This paragraph should be long enough and short enough that it can be delivered within the suggested time.

Step 2: Practice, Practice, Practice
You can practice your narration independently using a software called Yoodli. Yoodli is an AI-powered software that you can use to improve your communication skills with private, real-time, and judgement free coaching.

Practice with your parents, your siblings, friends, or whoever you feel comfortable practicing with. Someone who will also share valuable feedback that you can use to improve your communication skills.
Practice with your peers in this externship. You are and your peers are on the same boat when it comes to executing the task at hand. Leverage that and make it co-learning opportunity.
WATCH: Overcoming the fear of public speaking isn't impossible. In fact, once you discover the truth behind "glossophobia" you'll be able to really focus on how to improve yourself so that you can speak and communicate with anyone, anywhere, without issues!

This video is meaningful as Dr. Grace as she shares her story in overcoming her fear of public speaking that brought her to where she is now. Dr. Grace Lee is a principles-based executive coach, public speaker & former neuroscientist.


Step 3: Record your presentation on Loom.
Once you're confident in your presentation, it's time to record the final version using Loom. This must be succinct and cannot exceed 3-5 minutes. Loom is a tool that allows you to easily record and share video messages of your screen, cam, or both.

Step 3.1: Setting Up and Using Loom

Visit www.loom.com and create a free account.
Download and install the Loom Desktop App.
Open the app and choose your recording settings. You can choose to record your full screen or a specific window, and decide whether to include your webcam.
Click "Start Recording" to begin.
Step 3.2: Recording Your Presentation

Start the presentation recording, you may use the speaker notes feature. Remember to stay concise and to the point, your presentation should not exceed 3-5 minutes.
Use Loom's drawing tools to highlight key points if necessary.
Step 3.3: Saving and Sharing Your Presentation

Click "Finish" when you're done.
Loom will process your video and provide a link to it.
Copy this link.
You will be submitting this link on the Project Task section of the project.
Tips for Using Loom

Practice using Loom before your final recording.
Check your audio and video quality before starting.
Review your video before submitting to ensure it meets the 3-5-minute time limit and that you're satisfied with the final product.
RECAP:

You now have all the resources you need to complete this externship. The journey from hereon is one that requires you to approach the tasks with a growth mindset. Keep reminding yourself that this is what learning looks like. And once you’ve crossed the bridge, you’ll know that you were capable all along

